Hello everybody and welcome back.
In this lecture we're gonna be talking about planning your project now defining its scope and your goals
is so important it helps prevent scope slip and I'm gonna help you here by giving you some guidance
in terms of how long the project should take and things along those lines.
Of course you can follow along with what I'm doing that's absolutely fine.
But if you're feeling confident or you've had some previous experience with this type of work then do
push yourself at this point and remember to show your work as you go.
And for those who have followed along go along and make your own small models as well that really will
help you reinforce your knowledge.
And when we think about scope we are really concentrating on how far we want to take the projects we
obviously want to take it to a kind of a final project.
I want to be able to use these assets in a game engine as ultimately the goal of this project.
However what we don't want is to create thousands of items thousands of level components environmental
props that's just not within the scope of this project.
So I'm going to end up limiting myself to something like five to 10 scenery pieces things like the stairs
the walls etc. and then maybe another five to 10 props that I'm going to place within my scene whether
that's a table or an altar or something along those lines something to enhance the overall scene.
And then finally this is a great time to start gathering your basic reference material.
So I know that I'm going to be focused on a Gothic church that really starts honing in what I'm going
to go for.
However there are so many different varieties so this is where we go really really wide.
A great big breadth of reference material and then we can start honing in on specific reference material
and we talk more about that in the next lecture.
So what I'd like you to do now is take five minutes and go through some ideas of what you would like
to make.
If you're following along with me that's great but what are you going to do after you've followed along
with me.
Sheva over in these discussions and I'll see you all in the next lecture.